README.md, before:

[//]: # (Note: Resources are sorted starting from newest in descending order)

# [Javaslang](http://www.javaslang.io) Resources

## Talks

| Date | Conference | Talk | Slides | Video | Speaker |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 7-11 Nov 2016 | [Devoxx Belgium][devoxx-belgium] | [Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right](http://cfp.devoxx.be/2016/talk/MSD-7684/Javaslang_-_functional_Java_done_right) | | | [Grzegorz Piwowarek][pivovarit] |
| 7-11 Nov 2016 | [Devoxx Belgium][devoxx-belgium] | [Javaslang - Functional Java The Easy Way](http://cfp.devoxx.be/2016/talk/JWK-6289/Javaslang%20-%20Functional%20Java%20The%20Easy%20Way) | | | [David Schmitz][koenighotze] |
| 14-15 Oct 2016 | [JavaDay Kyiv][javaday-kyiv] | | | | [Grzegorz Piwowarek][pivovarit] |
| 10-11 Oct 2016 | [JDD Kraków][jdd-krakow] | [Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right](http://16.jdd.org.pl/program/lecture/javaslang-functional-java-done-right) | | | [Grzegorz Piwowarek][pivovarit] |
| 18-22 Sep 2016 | [JavaOne][javaone] | [Functional Data Structures with Java 8](https://oracle.rainfocus.com/scripts/catalog/oow16.jsp?event=javaone&search=CON1146&search.event=javaone) | [Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/shelajev/functional-data-structures-with-java-8-javaone-16) | | [Oleg Šelajev][shelajev] |
|  3 Sep 2016 | [JDay Lviv][jday-lviv] | [Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right](http://www.jday.com.ua/#nav-schedule) | | | [Grzegorz Piwowarek][pivovarit] |
|  8 Jul 2016 | [DevCon Nürnberg][devcon-nuernberg] | [Javaslang - Functional Sugar For Java][devcon-nuernberg] | [Slides](http://www.slideshare.net/koenighotze/javaslang-functional-sugar-for-java) | | [David Schmitz][koenighotze] |
|  2 Jul 2016 | [Confitura PL][confitura-pl] | [Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right](http://2016.confitura.pl/#/presentations) | [Slides](http://slides.com/pivovarit/javaslang-functional-java-done-right) | | [Grzegorz Piwowarek][pivovarit] |
| 23 Jun 2016 | [Devoxx Poland][devoxx-poland] | [Functional Data Structures and Java 8](http://cfp.devoxx.pl/2016/talk/YGN-3260/Functional%20data%20structures%20with%20Java%208) | [Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/shelajev/functional-data-structures-with-java-8-devoxx-poland-16) | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QWVmTiGvJE) | [Oleg Šelajev][shelajev] |
| May 2016 | | JAVASLANG - A Functional Library for Java 8+ | [Slides](http://netzwerg.ch/slides/javaslang.html) | | [Rahel Lüthy][netzwerg999] |
| 19 Mar 2016 | [Codemotion Rome][codemotion] | [From object oriented to functional domain modeling](http://rome2016.codemotionworld.com/conference/19-March) | [Slides](http://www.slideshare.net/Codemotion/from-object-oriented-to-functional-domain-modeling-60174044) | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKfVI2hGtGQ) | [Mario Fusco][mariofusco] |
| 12 Nov 2015 | [Devoxx Belgium][devoxx-belgium] | [From object oriented to functional domain modeling](https://cfp.devoxx.be/2015/speaker/mario_fusco.html) | [Slides](http://slideshare.net/mariofusco/from-object-oriented-to-functional-domain-modeling) | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6BmGBzIqW0) |[Mario Fusco][mariofusco] |
| 10 Sep 2015 | [JavaZone][javazone] | [Java 8 DOs and DON'Ts](http://2015.javazone.no/speakerinterviews.html) | | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uECuqa2zVbs) | [Fredrik Vraalsen][fredriv] |
| 20 Oct 2014 | [JUG Barcelona][jug-barcelona] | FP in Java 8 | [Slides](http://www.slideshare.net/IgnasiMarimonClos/functional-programming-in-java-8) | [Video](http://media.fib.upc.edu/fibtv/streamingmedia/view/22/1044) | [Ignasi Marimon-Clos i Sunyol][ignasi35] |

## Blog Posts

| Date | Title | Author |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 29 Jun 2016 | [Functional Programming with Java 8 and javaslang](http://geeksinaction.blogspot.com.es/2016/06/functional-programming-with-java-8-and_29.html) | [Manish Devraj][manishdevraj] |
|  8 Jun 2016 | [PR for Javaslang: `Add a purely functional, persistent PriorityQueue`](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/pr-javaslang-add-purely-functional-persistent-pap-lőrinc) | [Pap Lőrinc][paplorinc] |
| 13 Apr 2016 | [Java Annotated Monthly – April 2016](https://blog.jetbrains.com/idea/2016/04/java-annotated-monthly-april-2016) | [Breandan Considine][breandan] |
| 30 Mar 2016 | [Battling Cyclomatic Complexity in Java using Javaslang](http://labs.unacast.com/2016/03/30/battling-cyclomatic-complexity-in-java-using-javaslang) | [Torbjørn Vatn][torbjornvatn] |
|  2 Dec 2015 | [Functional Data Structures in Java 8 with Javaslang](http://www.javaadvent.com/2015/12/functional-data-structures-in-java-8-with-javaslang.html) | [Daniel Dietrich][danieldietrich] |
| 11 Nov 2015 | [Functional programming for Java: getting started with Javaslang](http://tomassetti.me/functional-programming-for-java-getting-started-with-javaslang) | [Federico Tomassetti][ftomasse] |
| 13 Mar 2015 | [Functional Programming in Java 8 with Javaslang](https://blog.jooq.org/2015/05/13/functional-programming-in-java-8-with-javaslang) | [Daniel Dietrich][danieldietrich] |

[//]: # (Conferences)
[codemotion]: http://www.codemotionworld.com "Codemotion Italy"
[confitura-pl]: http://confitura.pl "Confitura PL"
[devcon-nuernberg]: http://www.senacor.com/karriere/workshops/devcon "DevCon Nürnberg"
[devoxx-belgium]: https://devoxx.be "Devoxx Belgium"
[devoxx-poland]: https://devoxx.pl "Devoxx Poland"
[javaday-kyiv]: http://javaday.org.ua "JavaDay Kyiv"
[javaone]: https://www.oracle.com/javaone "JavaOne"
[javazone]: http://javazone.no "JavaZone"
[jday-lviv]: http://www.jday.com.ua "JDay Lviv"
[jdd-krakow]: http://16.jdd.org.pl "JDD Kraków"
[jug-barcelona]: www.barcelonajug.org "JUG Barcelona"

[//]: # (Users)
[breandan]: https://twitter.com/breandan "@breandan"
[danieldietrich]: https://twitter.com/danieldietrich "@danieldietrich"
[fredriv]: https://twitter.com/fredriv "@fredriv"
[ftomasse]: https://twitter.com/ftomasse "@ftomasse"
[ignasi35]: https://twitter.com/ignasi35 "@ignasi35"
[koenighotze]: https://twitter.com/koenighotze "@koenighotze"
[manishdevraj]: https://twitter.com/manishdevraj "@manishdevraj"
[mariofusco]: https://twitter.com/mariofusco "@mariofusco"
[netzwerg999]: http://twitter.com/netzwerg999 "@netzwerg999"
[paplorinc]: https://twitter.com/paplorinc "@paplorinc"
[pivovarit]: https://twitter.com/pivovarit "@pivovarit"
[shelajev]: https://twitter.com/shelajev "@shelajev"
[torbjornvatn]: https://twitter.com/torbjornvatn "@torbjornvatn"

Commit message:

Add blog post for Vector

README.md, after:

[//]: # (Note: Resources are sorted starting from newest in descending order)

# [Javaslang](http://www.javaslang.io) Resources

## Talks

| Date | Conference | Talk | Slides | Video | Speaker |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 7-11 Nov 2016 | [Devoxx Belgium][devoxx-belgium] | [Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right](http://cfp.devoxx.be/2016/talk/MSD-7684/Javaslang_-_functional_Java_done_right) | | | [Grzegorz Piwowarek][pivovarit] |
| 7-11 Nov 2016 | [Devoxx Belgium][devoxx-belgium] | [Javaslang - Functional Java The Easy Way](http://cfp.devoxx.be/2016/talk/JWK-6289/Javaslang%20-%20Functional%20Java%20The%20Easy%20Way) | | | [David Schmitz][koenighotze] |
| 14-15 Oct 2016 | [JavaDay Kyiv][javaday-kyiv] | | | | [Grzegorz Piwowarek][pivovarit] |
| 10-11 Oct 2016 | [JDD Kraków][jdd-krakow] | [Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right](http://16.jdd.org.pl/program/lecture/javaslang-functional-java-done-right) | | | [Grzegorz Piwowarek][pivovarit] |
| 18-22 Sep 2016 | [JavaOne][javaone] | [Functional Data Structures with Java 8](https://oracle.rainfocus.com/scripts/catalog/oow16.jsp?event=javaone&search=CON1146&search.event=javaone) | [Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/shelajev/functional-data-structures-with-java-8-javaone-16) | | [Oleg Šelajev][shelajev] |
|  3 Sep 2016 | [JDay Lviv][jday-lviv] | [Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right](http://www.jday.com.ua/#nav-schedule) | | | [Grzegorz Piwowarek][pivovarit] |
|  8 Jul 2016 | [DevCon Nürnberg][devcon-nuernberg] | [Javaslang - Functional Sugar For Java][devcon-nuernberg] | [Slides](http://www.slideshare.net/koenighotze/javaslang-functional-sugar-for-java) | | [David Schmitz][koenighotze] |
|  2 Jul 2016 | [Confitura PL][confitura-pl] | [Javaslang - Functional Java Done Right](http://2016.confitura.pl/#/presentations) | [Slides](http://slides.com/pivovarit/javaslang-functional-java-done-right) | | [Grzegorz Piwowarek][pivovarit] |
| 23 Jun 2016 | [Devoxx Poland][devoxx-poland] | [Functional Data Structures and Java 8](http://cfp.devoxx.pl/2016/talk/YGN-3260/Functional%20data%20structures%20with%20Java%208) | [Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/shelajev/functional-data-structures-with-java-8-devoxx-poland-16) | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QWVmTiGvJE) | [Oleg Šelajev][shelajev] |
| May 2016 | | JAVASLANG - A Functional Library for Java 8+ | [Slides](http://netzwerg.ch/slides/javaslang.html) | | [Rahel Lüthy][netzwerg999] |
| 19 Mar 2016 | [Codemotion Rome][codemotion] | [From object oriented to functional domain modeling](http://rome2016.codemotionworld.com/conference/19-March) | [Slides](http://www.slideshare.net/Codemotion/from-object-oriented-to-functional-domain-modeling-60174044) | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKfVI2hGtGQ) | [Mario Fusco][mariofusco] |
| 12 Nov 2015 | [Devoxx Belgium][devoxx-belgium] | [From object oriented to functional domain modeling](https://cfp.devoxx.be/2015/speaker/mario_fusco.html) | [Slides](http://slideshare.net/mariofusco/from-object-oriented-to-functional-domain-modeling) | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6BmGBzIqW0) |[Mario Fusco][mariofusco] |
| 10 Sep 2015 | [JavaZone][javazone] | [Java 8 DOs and DON'Ts](http://2015.javazone.no/speakerinterviews.html) | | [Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uECuqa2zVbs) | [Fredrik Vraalsen][fredriv] |
| 20 Oct 2014 | [JUG Barcelona][jug-barcelona] | FP in Java 8 | [Slides](http://www.slideshare.net/IgnasiMarimonClos/functional-programming-in-java-8) | [Video](http://media.fib.upc.edu/fibtv/streamingmedia/view/22/1044) | [Ignasi Marimon-Clos i Sunyol][ignasi35] |

## Blog Posts

| Date | Title | Author |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  3 Nov 2016 | [PR for Javaslang: `Implement Vector as a bit-mapped trie`](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/pr-javaslang-implement-vector-bit-mapped-trie-pap-lőrinc) | [Pap Lőrinc][paplorinc] |
| 29 Jun 2016 | [Functional Programming with Java 8 and javaslang](http://geeksinaction.blogspot.com.es/2016/06/functional-programming-with-java-8-and_29.html) | [Manish Devraj][manishdevraj] |
|  8 Jun 2016 | [PR for Javaslang: `Add a purely functional, persistent PriorityQueue`](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/pr-javaslang-add-purely-functional-persistent-pap-lőrinc) | [Pap Lőrinc][paplorinc] |
| 13 Apr 2016 | [Java Annotated Monthly – April 2016](https://blog.jetbrains.com/idea/2016/04/java-annotated-monthly-april-2016) | [Breandan Considine][breandan] |
| 30 Mar 2016 | [Battling Cyclomatic Complexity in Java using Javaslang](http://labs.unacast.com/2016/03/30/battling-cyclomatic-complexity-in-java-using-javaslang) | [Torbjørn Vatn][torbjornvatn] |
|  2 Dec 2015 | [Functional Data Structures in Java 8 with Javaslang](http://www.javaadvent.com/2015/12/functional-data-structures-in-java-8-with-javaslang.html) | [Daniel Dietrich][danieldietrich] |
| 11 Nov 2015 | [Functional programming for Java: getting started with Javaslang](http://tomassetti.me/functional-programming-for-java-getting-started-with-javaslang) | [Federico Tomassetti][ftomasse] |
| 13 Mar 2015 | [Functional Programming in Java 8 with Javaslang](https://blog.jooq.org/2015/05/13/functional-programming-in-java-8-with-javaslang) | [Daniel Dietrich][danieldietrich] |

[//]: # (Conferences)
[codemotion]: http://www.codemotionworld.com "Codemotion Italy"
[confitura-pl]: http://confitura.pl "Confitura PL"
[devcon-nuernberg]: http://www.senacor.com/karriere/workshops/devcon "DevCon Nürnberg"
[devoxx-belgium]: https://devoxx.be "Devoxx Belgium"
[devoxx-poland]: https://devoxx.pl "Devoxx Poland"
[javaday-kyiv]: http://javaday.org.ua "JavaDay Kyiv"
[javaone]: https://www.oracle.com/javaone "JavaOne"
[javazone]: http://javazone.no "JavaZone"
[jday-lviv]: http://www.jday.com.ua "JDay Lviv"
[jdd-krakow]: http://16.jdd.org.pl "JDD Kraków"
[jug-barcelona]: www.barcelonajug.org "JUG Barcelona"

[//]: # (Users)
[breandan]: https://twitter.com/breandan "@breandan"
[danieldietrich]: https://twitter.com/danieldietrich "@danieldietrich"
[fredriv]: https://twitter.com/fredriv "@fredriv"
[ftomasse]: https://twitter.com/ftomasse "@ftomasse"
[ignasi35]: https://twitter.com/ignasi35 "@ignasi35"
[koenighotze]: https://twitter.com/koenighotze "@koenighotze"
[manishdevraj]: https://twitter.com/manishdevraj "@manishdevraj"
[mariofusco]: https://twitter.com/mariofusco "@mariofusco"
[netzwerg999]: http://twitter.com/netzwerg999 "@netzwerg999"
[paplorinc]: https://twitter.com/paplorinc "@paplorinc"
[pivovarit]: https://twitter.com/pivovarit "@pivovarit"
[shelajev]: https://twitter.com/shelajev "@shelajev"
[torbjornvatn]: https://twitter.com/torbjornvatn "@torbjornvatn"
